Improve build-api-based-message-extension.md (#10783)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/messaging-extensions/build-api-based-message-extension.md

   &nbsp;&nbsp;:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/authentication/teams-sso-tabs/sso-manifest.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows the app manifest configuration.":::

> * `authorization.microsoftEntraConfiguration`: Enables Single sign-on authentication for your message extension. Configure the `supportsSingleSignOn` property to `true` to support SSO and  reduce the need for multiple authentications. For more information, see [composeextensions](../resources/schema/manifest-schema.md#composeextensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `authorization.microsoftEntraConfiguration`: Enables single sign-on (SSO) authentication for your message extension. Configure the `supportsSingleSignOn` property to `true` to support SSO and reduce the need for multiple authentications. For more information, see [composeExtensions](../resources/schema/manifest-schema.md#composeextensions).
```

  > [!NOTE]
  > The API receives a Microsoft Entra token with the scope set to `access_as_user` as registered in the Azure portal. However, the token isn't authorized to call any other downstream APIs, such as Microsoft Graph.

> For more information about validating access token, see [Validate tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validate-tokens).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to validate an access token, see [Validate tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validate-tokens).
```

> For more information on how to validate an access token, see [Validate tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validate-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to validate an access token, see [validate tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validate-tokens).
```

> There are several libraries to handle JWT validation. For basic validation, ensure to check the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several libraries to validate JSON Web Token (JWT). For basic validation, ensure that you check the following:
```

> There are several libraries to validate JSON Web Token (JWT). For basic validation, ensure that you check the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several libraries to validate JSON Web Tokens (JWT). For basic validation, ensure that you check the following:
```

Reviewer: @Benjiiim, if there is just one JSON Web Token, change it to "to validate a JSON Web Token (JWT)".

* The token is well-formed.
* The token was issued by the intended authority.
* The token is targeted to the web API.

> Ensure the following when validating the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When validating the token, ensure the following:
```

* Valid SSO tokens are issued by Microsoft Entra ID. The `iss` claim in the token must start with this value.

> * The token's `aud1` parameter is set to the app ID generated during Microsoft Entra app registration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `aud1` claim in the token should match the app ID from Microsoft Entra app registration.
```
